1. No two users can share the same User ID.
In the table AuctionUser make UserID a primary key. 
This primary key constraint is added in create.sql

2. All sellers and bidders must already exist as users.
In the table Item, SellerID is a foreign key referencing UserID from AuctionUser. Similarly, BidderID is a foreign key in the Bids table which references UserID from AuctionUser.
These foreign key constraints are added in create.sql

3. No two items can share the same Item ID.
In the table Item make ItemID a primary key.
This primary key constraint is added in create.sql

4. Every bid must correspond to an actual item.
In the table Bids, make ItemID a foreign key that references ItemID from Item table.
This foreign key constraint is added in create.sql

5. The items for a given category must all exist.
In the table Category, make ItemID a foreign key that references ItemID from Item table.
This foreign key constraint is added in create.sql

6. An item cannot belong to a particular category more than once.
In the table Category, have a Unique constraint on ItemID and Category together.
This constraint is added in create.sql

7. The end time for an auction must always be after its start time.
Have a check constraint in Item table such that Ends is greater than Started.
This check constraint is added in create.sql

8. The Current Price of an item must always match the Amount of the most recent bid for that item.
Added a trigger to update the column 'Currently' in Items Table belonging to the same ItemID, whenever a new bid is made for that particular ItemID.
This trigger is added as 'trigger1_add.sql' and 'trigger1_drop.sql'.

9. A user may not bid on an item he or she is also selling.
Added a trigger to block insertion of new bids whenever the BidderID is same as SellerID for a particular ItemID.
This trigger is added as 'trigger2_add.sql' and 'trigger2_drop.sql'.

10. No auction may have two bids at the exact same time.
In the table Bids, have a Unique constraint together on ItemID and Time.
This constraint is added in create.sql

11. No auction may have a bid before its start time or after its end time.
Added a trigger to block insertion of new bids whose bidding Time is outside the range of Start Time or End Time for that particular ItemID.
This trigger is added as 'trigger3_add.sql' and 'trigger3_drop.sql'.

12. No user can make a bid of the same amount to the same item more than once.
In the table Bids, have a Unique constraint together on ItemID, BidderID and Amount.
This constraint is added in create.sql

13. In every auction, the Number of Bids attribute corresponds to the actual number of bids for that particular item.
Added a trigger to update 'Number_of_Bids' in Items Table when new a new bid is inserted for that particular ItemID
This trigger is added as 'trigger4_add.sql' and 'trigger4_drop.sql'.

14. Any new bid for a particular item must have a higher amount than any of the previous bids for that particular item.
Added a trigger to block insertion of new bids when Bid Amount is not higher than any of the existing bid amounts for that ItemID.
This trigger is added as 'trigger5_add.sql' and 'trigger5_drop.sql'.

15. All new bids must be placed at the time which matches the current time of your AuctionBase system.
Added a trigger to block insertion of new bids when Bidding Time is not equal to the System Time in CurrentTime Table.
This trigger is added as 'trigger6_add.sql' and 'trigger6_drop.sql'.

16. The current time of your AuctionBase system can only advance forward in time, not backward in time.
Added a trigger to block updates on CurrentTime table if  new time is less than old/existing system time.
This trigger is added as 'trigger7_add.sql' and 'trigger7_drop.sql'.
